Changelog: back to school 2024 update (#370)
CleverCloud/documentation: content/changelog/2024-07-17-new-logs-default.md

---
title: "Console: new logs interface is now used by default"
date: 2024-07-17
tags:
  - console
  - logs
authors:
  - name: Pierre De Soyres
    link: https://github.com/pdesoyres-cc
    image: https://github.com/pdesoyres-cc.png?size=40
  - name: David Legrand
    link: https://github.com/davlgd
    image: https://github.com/davlgd.png?size=40

description: Final countdown
excludeSearch: true
---

> New logs interface is available in the Console in public beta [for some months](/changelog/2024-04-15-new-logs-interface-public-beta/), and we already [enhanced it](/changelog/2024-06-21-better-new-logs/). We're now confident enough to use it by default. You can still disable it. If you have any question or feedback, use our [GitHub Community space](https://github.com/CleverCloud/Community/discussions/categories/new-logs-interface).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New logs interface is available in the Console in public beta [for some months](/changelog/2024-04-15-new-logs-interface-public-beta/), and we already [enhanced it](/changelog/2024-06-21-better-new-logs/). Its stability is enough to use it by default. You can still disable it. If you have any question or feedback, use our [GitHub Community space](https://github.com/CleverCloud/Community/discussions/categories/new-logs-interface).
```
